docs: update/annotate formerly experimental configs (#5938)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/overview.mdx

</MinVersion>

<Note>

> Beginning with [v1.49.0](https://github.com/apollographql/router/releases/tag/v1.49.0), the router supported enhanced operation signature normalization [experimentally](/resources/product-launch-stages/#experimental-features).
> In [v.1.53.0](https://github.com/apollographql/router/releases/tag/v1.53.0), this configuration became [generally available](/resources/product-launch-stages/#general-availability).

Reviewer: Suggest listing GA and Experimental versions to be more scannable. Also applies to other Note in PR.

```suggestion

The router supports enhanced operation signature normalization in the following versions:

* [General availability](/resources/product-launch-stages/#general-availability) in v1.53.0 and later
* [Experimental](/resources/product-launch-stages/#experimental-features) in v1.49.0 to v1.52

```

> In [v.1.53.0](https://github.com/apollographql/router/releases/tag/v1.53.0), this configuration became [generally available](/resources/product-launch-stages/#general-availability).

Reviewer 2: The config rename will happen in v1.54.0, so we should use that as the version it became GA.

> In [v.1.53.0](https://github.com/apollographql/router/releases/tag/v1.53.0), this configuration became [generally available](/resources/product-launch-stages/#general-availability).

Reviewer 2: The config rename will happen in v1.54.0, so we should use that as the version it became GA (and not merge this until then).

Author: This is merging into dev, so I think we can/should merge before the release, right?

Reviewer 3: Yes! We'll start 1.54.0 (as a release candidate) today and this will not land in our docs until next Tuesday when we finalize 1.54.0. 😄   I'll merge this to make sure it makes the cut.

</MinVersion>

<Note>

Beginning with [v1.50.0](https://github.com/apollographql/router/releases/tag/v1.50.0), the router supported extended reference reporting [experimentally](/resources/product-launch-stages/#experimental-features).

> In [v.1.53.0](https://github.com/apollographql/router/releases/tag/v1.53.0), this configuration became [generally available](/resources/product-launch-stages/#general-availability).

Reviewer 2: Same comment - this should be 1.54.0
